README.md, before:

# PostgreSQL with Postgis GitHub Action
This [GitHub Action](https://github.com/features/actions) setup a PostgreSQL database with Postgis.  
Inspired by https://github.com/Harmon758/postgresql-action, @Harmon758 Thanks!

# Usage

Basic:
```yaml
steps:
- uses: huaxk/postgis-action@v1
  with:
    postgresql version: '11'  # See https://https://hub.docker.com/r/mdillon/postgis for available versions, if it is not specified, use the default value 'latest'
    postgresql password: ${{ secrets.DatabasePassword }}   # This environment variable sets the superuser password for PostgreSQL, maybe string or secrets, the default superuser is defined by the input environment variable: postgresql user.
    postgresql user: 'test'  # This optional environment variable is used in conjunction with postgresql password to set a user and its password. This variable will create the specified user with superuser power and a database with the same name. If it is not specified, then the default user of 'postgres' will be used.
    postgresql db: 'test'  # This optional environment variable can be used to define a different name for the default database that is created when the image is first started. If it is not specified, then the value of postgresql user will be used.
```

Client params:
* host: "localhost"
* user: "test"
* password: ***
* database: "test"
* port: 5432

# License

The scripts and documentation in this project are released under the [MIT License](LICENSE)

Commit message:

refactor(HOME-176): update readme to account for new port variable additon

README.md, after:

# PostgreSQL with Postgis GitHub Action
This [GitHub Action](https://github.com/features/actions) setup a PostgreSQL database with Postgis.  
Inspired by https://github.com/Harmon758/postgresql-action, @Harmon758 Thanks!

# Usage

Basic:
```yaml
steps:
- uses: huaxk/postgis-action@v1
  with:
    postgresql version: '11'  # See https://https://hub.docker.com/r/mdillon/postgis for available versions, if it is not specified, use the default value 'latest'
    postgresql password: ${{ secrets.DatabasePassword }}   # This environment variable sets the superuser password for PostgreSQL, maybe string or secrets, the default superuser is defined by the input environment variable: postgresql user.
    postgresql user: 'test'  # This optional environment variable is used in conjunction with postgresql password to set a user and its password. This variable will create the specified user with superuser power and a database with the same name. If it is not specified, then the default user of 'postgres' will be used.
    postgresql db: 'test'  # This optional environment variable can be used to define a different name for the default database that is created when the image is first started. If it is not specified, then the value of postgresql user will be used.
    postgresql port: '5432'  # This optional environment variable sets the port for the default database that is created. If it is not specified, the default value of '5432' is used.
```

Client params:
* host: "localhost"
* user: "test"
* password: ***
* database: "test"
* port: 5432

# License

The scripts and documentation in this project are released under the [MIT License](LICENSE)
